One of the biggest benefits of using Ross,
is that it has a large community of users and
developers who have already created a lot of code that you can reuse.
Let's clone an existing package and add it to our newly created workspace.
Start by navigating to the source directory of your catkin workspace.
Then use Git to clone the simple arm package for this lesson from this GitHub repo.
Don't worry about trying to pause the video to copy the URL that I have shown here,
as it's provided in the text module below.
After the repo has finished cloning,
you can change directory to the top level of the Ross workspace,
and build a new package using the command catkin make.
Looks like the build worked. That was easy.
Now, we can run some code from the package that we just cloned.